[BEAT]
Whoa! This ain't good!
Neku! Wake up!
[NEKU]
We're back at the Scramble?
Another day's gone by.
Dude, how can you
be so laidback?
We just have three days
left, including today!
Not only do we still have to
get Rhyme back from Ironface,
we also gotta get
into the Shibuya River
and beat the Composer!
Calm down for a sec.
[BEAT] There's nothing
calming about this, yo!
Let's just take things
one step at a time.
First, we should check
and see where exactly
our new keypin gives us access.
Oh. Let's see.
I think he said it's basically
like an officer's keypin, right?
[PASSERBY A] What a wonderful
world such would be.
[NEKU]
You hearing this, Beat?
[CROWD] To right the
countless wrongs of our day,
we shine this light
of true redemption...
What a freak show. Why are
everyone's thoughts the same?
For real.
[CROWD] ...that this place
may become as paradise.
What a wonderful
world such would be.
[NEKU]
The heck's going on?
Shibuya's normally full
of all kinds of people
doing and thinking
all kinds of things.
[CROWD] To right the countless
wrongs of our day,
we shine this light
of true redemption...
[NEKU] I didn't want
others in my space,
so I tuned them out
by covering my ears.
But now, I think I get
it, what's happening.
[CROWD] ...we shine this
light of true redemption,
that this place may
become as paradise.
What a wonderful
world such would be.
Those pins are brainwashin'
'em, yo! Straight up!
I knew it. The Composer is CAT!
'Cause these things are
just like Player pins!
Why else would CAT be
makin' gear for the game
if he wasn't in charge of it?
He's not.
And what makes you
think I'm wrong?
CAT is Mister Hanekoma's alias.
Wait. Do you mean
the king a' coffee?
The same guy who
saved me 'n' Rhyme?
That's right.
Okay. Things just got ten
times more confusin'.
How would you even know that?
Because Joshua told me,
and I believe him.
Last week, he was
tracking the Composer.
And Mister Hanekoma
helped him do it.
I can see him being CAT.
That part makes perfect sense.
But no way he's the Composer!
He taught me to
expand my horizons
and to always enjoy life.
He would never create
such a monotonous world.
[CROWD] To right the
countless wrongs of our day,
we shine this light
of true redemption,
that this place may
become as paradise...
This Shibuya isn't
Shibuya at all.
I know you wanna trust him,
but just be careful.
Um, hey, let's go
ahead and decide
where we should start
looking for Ironface today.
So, where haven't we been yet?
I know where we have been.
Hachiko, the underpass, 104,
Dogenzaka, O‐East, Miyashita
Park, Tower Records,
Marui, Parco, Tokyu Hands,
and Tipsy Tose Hall.
Which leaves not
a whole lot left.
Just AMX and Cat Street.
'Kay, let's get movin', Neku.
Don't forget Udagawa.
Wait.
[BEAT]
'Course there'd be Reapers.
Weird. Something seems off.
[SUPPORT REAPERS]
To right the wrongs of our day,
we shine this light
of redemption.
No way. It got
the Reapers, too?
[SUPPORT REAPERS]
That this place may become
a bountiful paradise.
Oh, imagine what a wonderful
world such would be.
[NEKU]
Go time. You up for this?
Aw, thank you, man.
So nice of you to ask.
Dodge this!
What a wonderful world
such would be.
[NEKU] Hard to believe even the
Reapers have been affected.
Whatever's messing with Shibuya
is messing with all sides of it.
Damn it.
You're always full blast.
Nah.
Up until I came to the UG,
I was the opposite.
Really?
I wasn't crazy 'bout
anything at all.
My folks, they kept
expectin' results
'n' then always got let down.
Not Rhyme, though.
Yo, I could rob a bank and
she'd still be by my side.
Her faith in me
was somethin' else.
She'd say, "The whole
reason we're alive
is so we can find our dreams
and turn them into our future."
And eventually I found mine:
To be the world's
best skateboarder.
But that's the past 'cause
I got a new future in mind.
Win this game then bring
back Rhyme and Shiki
and everybody else the
Reapers up 'n' erased!
I'm gonna change the world!
Winning is the dream I have now!
[gasps] What is that, yo?
[NEKU]
One of the walls!
It ain't normal, right?
Not to me.
[MINAMIMOTO] That took a lot
longer than I estimated.
Ugh. This body is giving
me zetta problems.
Well, I'm sure I'll adjust.
[MINAMIMOTO] Now then,
time to resume my calculations.
[NEKU]
These things are breakable?
Just ba‐boomed its
way through! Yep.
I think you mean "obliterated."
What could've actually
pulled that off, though?
A powerhouse, that's what.
Who cares?
Nothing ventured,
nothing... whatever they say!
[NEKU]
Try to care a little!
[BEAT]
Spooky. What happened?
Yo. Check it.
[NEKU]
Yeah.
It's the weird design the
Grim Heaper was drawing.
I guess Ironface
ain't here either, huh?
Yo, this ain't
exactly a photo op.
It takes pictures of the past.
Might give us a clue.
Every picture's in the past!
People take 'em so they can
freeze‐frame the moment!
[NEKU] This is different.
You'll see what I mean in a sec.
[click]
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Wh‐What the‐‐?
You ready to show and tell?
Coffee Man was here?
[NEKU]
Impossible.
[BEAT]
Yo, lemme get this straight.
The one responsible
for this is him?
What the hell did he conjure up?
[KARIYA, YASHIRO] To right the
countless wrongs of our day...
[BOTH gasp]
[NEKU]
No way.
[YASHIRO, KARIYA]
...we shine...
[NEKU]
Not them, too!
[BOTH] ...this light
of true redemption.
Did not need this today!
If you ain't pullin' punches,
then neither will I!
[BEAT yells]
[NEKU]
What gives?
[BEAT]
They ain't dodgin'!
[NEKU]
It's like they're numb!
[NEKU screams]
Wake up! You sleepin'
on the job, yo!
[BEAT yells]
[gasps]
[BEAT] Gotta get rid of his
Red Skull pin somehow!
Time for a beatdown
he won't forget! Focus!
Fine.
[groans]
[NEKU]
Good thinkin'. For once.
They fought nothing
like they did yesterday.
[BEAT] 'Cause these things have
been screwing with the Reapers
as much as they have
the RG people.
More Red Skull pins.
But why would Reapers
be wearing them?
[BEAT] The Reapers' pins are
s'posed to be called "O‐Pins,"
but these look the same to me.
Yeah, me, too.
And it's all CAT's work.
There's no mistake about that.
Beat, I say we
hit up Cat Street.
Have a chat with
Mister Hanekoma.
Make him tell us
everything he knows.
[NEKU gasps]
Look at that. Something around
here really hates walls.
[NEKU]
I wonder if whatever did this
was trying to get
to Cat Street, too.
This route still seems
normal enough to me, man.
[NEKU]
Let's just move!
What?
We thought the
walls were busted.
Coffee Man musta
flipped his lid.
Come on, dude. Get real.
What reason would he have
to wreck his own café?
Then who?
[groans]
I think I've got a
pretty good guess.
The same thing that
destroyed those walls
came after Mister Hanekoma.
So, a hit and run?
Yo! Sounds right up
Ironface's alley!
[NEKU]
Maybe.
Oh. Why don't we take
more special photos?
I mean, we're bound
to get some kinda hint!
I've only got one
more shot left.
It can only take two per day.
Useful, but it really
drains the battery.
Yo!
We got lucky!
[BEAT] Whachu tryin'
to hide, Mister Beans?
Let's find out.
[NEKU]
An envelope?
Yeah, there's somethin' inside.
[BEAT]
Yo, it's a Reaper keypin.
[NEKU]
Awesome. Know what it opens?
Nah. I ain't ever seen
one like this before.
[NEKU]
That design looks familiar.
Talk about creepy.
It's in here.
Cool, we checked it out.
You satisfied?
[JOSHUA] There's a wall
blocking our path anyway.
[NEKU]
You sure?
[JOSHUA]
That one's a bit different
from the others we've seen.
[gasps]
Hey, did you remember where?
Shibuya River.
Maybe he left that on purpose
'cause he knew we would
come here and look, y'know?
Something else is
inside. A letter?
"It seems Shibuya
has really changed,
but if you're hoping to survive
it, there's one simple trick."
[NEKU, HANEKOMA]
"No matter what,
enjoy every moment
with all you've got."
[HANEKOMA]
Watch out for shadows.
Konishi tends to operate
in them, after all.
And once you find her,
the real battle will begin.
Aw, yeah! Couldn't've
asked for a better clue!
Ironface has gotta be at
the Shibuya River, man!
[NEKU]
Why?
[BEAT]
Huh?
I don't get it.
Why does Mister Hanekoma
have a keypin for that wall?
Joshua had his sights
set on the river.
Surely Mister Hanekoma
was aware of that.
But instead of giving the keypin
to him, he gave it to me.
What does he want me to do?
What's his angle?
[BEAT] Yo, we ain't got
time to waste wonderin'!
Let's find Ironface
and save Rhyme!
And then we'll introduce
the Composer to my fists.
What the heck?
What kinda punk piled
their garbage up
in the middle of the street?
Oh, no, don't tell me.
[MINAMIMOTO laughing]
You haven't been erased.
Ha! Hollow‐skulled
hectopascals!
[BOTH gasp]
Hecto?
[laughing]
I've been calculating
this from square one!
You're still here?
But how? I saw you die!
I am victorious!
That move did more than
just bake your partner.
I erased myself with
"Resurrection," a Taboo Psych,
then returned to the
world from a Refinery.
[NEKU]
So you're the wrecking ball
that crashed through Udagawa.
Zetta duh!
Since you're here, behold
my latest masterpiece.
I call it: "Myself."
Then your body is‐‐
[MINAMIMOTO]
Officially Taboo.
This number‐cruncher's
back with powers
that rival the Composer's.
You're bluffin'.
[chuckles]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Convention is just garbage!
Crunch! I'll add it to the heap!
Sit back and watch as I become
an imposing new Composer.
Because all that
matters is my beauty!
Why did you kill me, though?
All the changes in this ward,
are they because of you?
The UG started shifting
long before now.
Kitaniji making the O‐Pins
mandatory just sped it up.
If you wanna point fingers
at the one changing Shibuya,
then the Composer's your man.
My turn for questions.
Where's Hanekoma?
Screw you!
[MINAMIMOTO]
I wanted to thank him
for making a Taboo
conversion worthy of me.
[NEKU] So that picture
was Mister Hanekoma
turning him Taboo?
Why, though?
Come on! Where'd coffee boy go?
Ah. I know you two know!
His usual haunt was empty.
You tore his café apart!
Heh. Zetta!
I could use a warm‐up
before the grand finale.
Attention, 000s!
You get to die 4 my cause!
Let's drop this jerk!
Yeah!
[yells]
[chuckles]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Sine. Cosine. Tangent!
[NEKU]
Beat!
What?
[NEKU screams]
This guy, he ain't playin'.
You binomials should've
done the math.
The one most fit to rule
this world is me!
Now zetta die!
I'd say I aced the practice
test with flying colors.
That's enough calibration.
Composer, you're done for.
[BOTH gasp]
[BEAT]
What the‐‐?
[NEKU]
Scramble Crossing?
Which only means one thing,
we're on day six!
I bet Number Nerd
headed to the river.
Then we best get goin'.
[NEKU] Joshua said the wall
there isn't like the others.
He'll need a key to
get ahead of us.
You know, Pi‐Face thinks he's on
the same level as the Composer.
Yeah, so?
[NEKU] That means the
Composer's as strong as he is.
Maybe even stronger.
[BEAT] Rhyme...
She's waitin' for me.
I ain't gonna wuss out now.
I'm doin' this!
And nothin' anyone says
is gonna stop me!
[yelling]
Really?
[NEKU] The Shibuya River.
The Composer. Mister Hanekoma.
[yells]
[NEKU gasps]
[NEKU] He broke through
this barrier, too?
Guess he didn't need a keypin.
Honestly think you're ready?
You kiddin'? I was born ready.
Let's go.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[NEKU] Next time:
"The Hour of Reckoning."